Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon today and
we're so thankful that you all are
watching us today. There's some things
on my heart to talk about, but I
didn't have a lot. But I told Diana, I
said, "I feel in my spirit to make a
video."I
was out working in the yard, and
there's a lot of things you all been
discouraged about with the red
heifers.
They're saying at
the
Temple Institute that all the red
heifers
from Texas didn't qualify for
the temple ceremony. And at first
I was kind of like, "Man, that's a real
bummer."I
told Diana, I said, "Man, what
does that mean, you know? Does that mean
that delays the return of the
Lord and all that?"But inside, I feel
there's something afoot, you know, like
I feel that there's something more to
this because after she started studying
it out, you know, I told her, she's like, "Oh
no, Brandon, does that mean, you
know?"And
I said, "Hold on, let's just study
and just what is it about the red
heifer?
What is it about all this stuff? Because
people are so disappointed about
it."So
after Diana was doing the research on
it, you know, and finding
out that they're very secretive. They
don't talk about things because it's
very controversial and they don't want
rioting. They don't want an uprising
of any kind of governmental, of
anything, you know. So,
it's holy for one, a very holy thing to
the Jewish people. And looking for this
red heifer without any kind
of—it
can't have more than two red, different
color hairs on it. It's a perfect red
heifer.
And so, supposedly,
out of these cows, they didn't all
qualify. They disqualified. So this is
like how many weeks before the Feast of
Trumpets? We have like seven weeks now,
and they just come out and say this this
week. And I thought, but they had a
practice run. So they had their practice
run, and they saw what it would
be like to do this event. Hasn't
happened in 2,000 years. And then all of
a sudden this week they come out and
say, "Well, sorry folks, it's all messed
up. Not all of them are bad. We're
not going to be able to do it at all
now. It's back to stage one. We have to
go looking for one, and we've been
looking for all this time."So, could
that be true? Yes. But I feel in my
spirit, I'm just, you
know—I
don't have a word from God concerning
it. I don't. But inside of me, I'm
thinking, could they be trying to, you
know, like sleight of hand again? "Don't
pay attention over here. Don't pay
attention over here as we're doing
something over here,"because they want to
do it in September. I told you
September is a very, very high alert
month. This is the month. Here we go.
We're just, you know, three weeks away
from
the month the Lord circled, and it was
in red, and there was a cloud
of dust on it. And He said, "This is a
time of great change, great
acceleration."And
I thought, well, the
Feast of Trumpets is in September, and
that is the 23rd of September of this
year. And so,
could we have an event there that they
sacrificed secretly? That, yeah,
the heifers that they're telling you all
about is in the front, and everybody
said, "But they have one that's hidden
in the back that they're not talking
about just for safety."Because they said
that if people knew where it was,
people could try to hurt this thing.
And if they hurt it and they do
something to it or mess it up or
whatever, it makes it not holy or
sacrificable
to be burnt or whatever
they're going to do with it to make
these ashes to build the third temple. It
disqualifies it. So if they scar it, if
they mess it up,
you know, it disqualifies this red
heifer
so that they can't even use it.
Yeah. Because it has to be without blemish.
Without blemish. So they have to hide
it. This red heifer is like cream of
the crop. It's the best of the best, and
it's probably worth a lot of money. So
you hide it in an undisclosed
location is what I believe, you know,
and so let's just see what happens. If
they come out on the 24th and say, "All
right, we had our ceremony,"and they have
pictures and they tell everybody and
they get the ashes of it and
they do everything, and they want to
dedicate the temple and get ready for
everything, I just think we're just
right there.
Could it be delayed? I don't
see it. But, you know, I mean,
anything's possible. But I'm
just thinking, wow, Lord, could we have
a distraction over here while doing
something over here in the night where
everybody's watching, "Oh no,
bummer,"and
all the Arab nations, everybody's like,
"Well, we knew it was too good to be
true, but you know, they all just leave
it alone"? And then all of a sudden, they
come out and go
the day of,
the day of or whatever, and have a big
ceremony and tell everybody
because they didn't want any kind of
weirdness. So, we'll see. But we see
Bibi
saying we're going to take over Gaza.
They want to do all this stuff. We see
the meeting, another thing with
President Trump and Putin in Alaska on
the 15th. And this is what I thought was
interesting, that Zelensky is
saying, "We don't want nothing to do
with it,"you know? Here Trump is
trying to cause a peace thing and we're
going to do this. We're going to talk.
We just want to talk things through. And
then we have the puppet Zelensky going
over. Huh?
Zelensky.
We have the puppet over here
doing exactly what I told you, Emmanuel
Macron
and all these, that they don't
want peace. I've already warned you all.
How many times did the spirit of the
Lord—the
Lord said, "You didn't warn
them"?
He did. When we were praying and the
Lord said they don't want peace.
They want to escalate this thing. Why?
Because of financial things, oil
agreements, major escalation of war to
support the euro, to support their
economies. And this was concerning
Canada. And the Lord even showed me Mark
and him over there, and he was talking
to the weasel, and they were all, you
know, with Europe and
with—I'm
sorry, with England and with all the
other things going on with all these
other nations, with Germany in the
background trying to figure out how they
could escalate. And that's what the Lord
was so upset about this because He was
saying, "What would it be if it was
their sons and daughters on the
frontline?"If
you all remember that prayer
time we had. So Trump, I told you, he
said, "I want peace."He was in the
midst of it saying, "We want
prosperity. We want a golden age, a new
crypto age. We want all this
stuff."And
he's in the background saying, "We could
make America great again. We can make
the world—let's have a trading thing.
Let's—in
my term, I want it to be one of
the greatest comebacks of all
time
of the dollar, about money, about
everything."And
I told you all, when I
saw the new digital age, it was a new
industrial revolution that the Lord was
showing us was going to take place,
that He said, "Watch AI and what they
do with AI."And even in not the last video,
but the video before, the Lord kept
talking about even with the healings
and all this. And boy, there are
some of you who got really upset about that.
I'm not talking about AI being your
healer. Jesus Christ, ladies and
gentlemen, let me tell you this: Jesus
Christ is the only healer. He paid the
price of 39 stripes on His back so that
every single one of you can walk in
freedom from sickness and disease,
any kind of, all of it. Jesus paid the
price for you to walk in victory over
sickness. But can God use medical
science to help you? Yes. And that's
why I was trying to say—I even, even
Oral
Roberts raised up how many doctors
through ORU to take to missionaries
and help them to help these people
that are sick, that modern science can
help.
I believe God is a good God and He can
use anything He wants to use to help His
people. He's not limited to say, "Well,
you know, Jesus, I know
He
died for them, but if it comes down to
modern science and it can help them, the
only way through it is
just by divine healing."I believe any
kind of healing is divine healing. I
believe anything that's good that comes
from God is a healing, burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power of
God. That's like saying that somebody
who's strung out on drugs can't go to
rehab and get help,
or if they have marriage
problems, they can't get freedom and
go to marriage counseling and talk it
over. Well, you know, you go, and
anything that's good that makes it
better is good and it comes from God:
counseling,
therapy, whatever. The devil
comes—and
I'll say this again over and over and
over again—the devil comes to kill,
steal, and destroy. But God comes
that we might have life, and life more
abundantly. And whatever it takes you
to get abundant life is God. Now, what's
His perfect plan? Us to walk in divine
health through His word.
Yes.
Do you hear that? His perfect plan is to
walk in divine health through His word,
finding scriptures that pertain to what
you're believing for and standing on the
word of God for the manifestation of
what you're needing. Now, everybody's
faith is at a different level. I have
babies on here, and I have veterans on
here. So, the veterans go, 'Hey, it
should only be by the word of
God.'But
the babies are going, 'I don't know
about the word of God. I just got born
again yesterday, but I'm dying of this
and I need help. But I found out if I go
to the doctor, they'll help me.'Well, am
I up in here to try to condemn you and
say you shouldn't go get help? Heavens,
no!
It's like that—remember that
joke where they said the guy
was
stranded on top of his house during
a flood,
and then a boat came by and he said,
'Hey brother, I see you're stranded
there. Can I help you?'And he said,
'No.'He
kept praying and
saying,
'Lord, save me, help
me.'And
he said, 'No, I'm waiting on God to
help me.'And then somebody else came by,
like a helicopter or
something, and tried to throw a lifeline
down and help him, and he said, 'No, I'm
waiting on God.'And then, sure enough,
finally the flood rose high
enough that he died. And then he
went to heaven. And when he got there,
he said, 'What happened? I prayed,
and I used my faith, and I believed God
that You would save me, but
You never did.'And God said, 'I
tried to. I sent the lifeboat. I
sent the rescue helicopter. I sent all
those people along your path, and you
just didn't accept the help.'Right.
And
there
are
so many in the body of
Christ who do exactly that.
They only want divine encounters.
And
we have family that are like
that, and I
understand where you're faced. They say, 'Well, I
don't even take a Tylenol if I have a
headache. I don't do any of this stuff
because I feel like it's going
against the word of God.'But I'm like, I
have family—even my grandpa
wouldn't even go and put lotion on his
hands because he thought it was against
the word, because of using anything
modern to heal him if it wasn't God
healing him. And his hands would
crack and bleed all winter long because
he thought it was against the Bible to
put lotion on his hands. I'm talking
about spiritual bondage, to the point
where my aunt got bit by a brown recluse
as a young girl, and the authorities had
to come and get my aunt from my
grandparents to take her to the
hospital. But by the time
they took her and got her
there, the brown recluse bite made her
so sick that she
became
mentally
handicapped
and still is today, and still has massive
seizures. And my grandfather's
gone home to be with the Lord. But that
was just the way it was. They just felt
like anything that had to do with modern
science, if it wasn't God touching
you directly,
then it wasn't God at
all; you're just going to die. You know
what I'm saying? And so my aunt is still
mentally
handicapped today,
right now, and still has
repercussions from that
decision. And it was the wrong decision.
It was the wrong—I'll say it right
now—it
was a wrong decision. She suffered
her whole life because of someone else's
decision,
and it was because of that brown
recluse.
Now, that may make some people really
mad, but I'm telling you, that's how
extreme people get with this. I've been
on the wrong side of this and the right
side of it, watching people, and I'm
telling you, there gets to be some
bondage coming up in here where people
can't even live. They go, 'Well, I can't
even...'and
you're like,
'There's a cure there.'I can tell you
another one. There was another
girl in that church who had
problems, and they
wouldn't even get her help, and DHS had
to come and get her
because the people were just being flaky.
Yeah,
you can get to the point where you're so
religious and so brainwashed by things
that it's like whenever they
deal
with snakes and dance around, you
know, 'I'll touch any deadly thing and it
won't harm me,'and they're dancing around
with cobras and vipers and
everything, and they bite them and they
think, 'Well, I guess it wasn't meant for
me to live. I must have had sin in my
life because this cobra bit me, or the
snake, or the copperhead, or whatever
bit me, and I didn't go to the doctor to
get it taken care of, so I died. But if
it's meant for me to take up
these serpents,'I'm telling people, there
is life there. Those kind of
people are out there. So, you just have
to use wisdom in these last days is what
I'm trying to say. I'm not trying to
condemn anybody that doesn't believe in
modern science. I'm not trying to say
either way. I understand you follow the
Holy Ghost for your life and don't be
flaky. If you have a peace, you go with
your peace, but there comes a
point—there's
wisdom behind
everything we do. And God is a God of
wisdom.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, I
believe this.'I'm not
trying to tell you to believe either
way. I'm trying to tell you there's a
balance of things. And I've seen
both sides, and people get—when Megan was
first diagnosed with autism,
I was so scared because of the Word of
Faith, of everybody saying you have what
you say. Don't say that, because life
and death is in the power of your
tongue.
Do you want that? And
whenever I saw that
she wasn't talking, I saw that things
were going on with her and it was so
bad, but I wouldn't allow other people
to say the word 'autism.'In fact, if you
said that word, I'd be ready to fight
because I was scared of it. I was scared
of the diagnosis of autism
to the point where it was bondage. And
even around her, we called it 'the
A-word.'You
know, 'the A-word, it looks like she
might be...'It's flakiness, but that's where
you get so much that you think, 'Well, I
know that life and death is in the
power of the tongue,'and I understand that
you have what you say, you
speak to the mountain, and you tell it to
be removed and be cast into the sea,
and
if you don't doubt in your heart,
you shall have whatsoever things you say.
I believe that you are snared by the
words of your mouth. I understand that.
But there gets to be a point in time
where you get flaky with stuff.
And I'm not denying autism. I'm
denying its right to be there.
Yes,
I'm denying its right to be there. I say
it doesn't have a right to stay.
I'm not denying the poor report
of what all these
neuropsychologists
have said,
because they're just doing their job,
and all the
therapists,
and everybody who's ever tried to help
us.
At the beginning,
we didn't want to
do anything.
But then the more we went to these
therapists and the more they started
helping us,
you go, 'Well, is this
God?'I
was so grieved—I'm telling
you all, this is a major deal
because this is bondage. And I cried
myself to sleep because of the diagnosis
when the state people came into our house, and they
evaluated her and
they helped us, and they said, 'This is
what she's going—what's the level that
she's at,'and all the things. And when we
went to the neuropsychologist, and
the neuropsychologist
told us, 'She'll be at
this level for the rest of her
life,'and
all
this death sentence is what you
hear about a dream of what you had for
your daughter,
a marriage, a family,
a job, everything that
you ever wanted for her as a mom and a
dad, to think that maybe one day, that
moment of what that doctor was saying
was basically a death sentence to
those dreams.
And at that time, that's all
we could see. And in the midst, when
you're that close to the
trees and
you can't see around them,
and you have family telling you, 'Well, you
know, it could be a devil. You know, if
you just have faith, brother, and you go
out there and pray and do this,
and you fast more—you must not
have enough faith to get her
healed.'Do
you know how that's like a kick in the
gut? Especially from people that you love,
and they tell you that kind of stuff, and
they're so
righteous and they can believe God for
it so much better than you. But then you
look at their life and they're more
broken than you are. But
they can't see outside of the trees
because they're too close to their
forest. They're broken. Their
children are strung out on stuff. And
you look at them and go, 'Come on, man.
Everybody's a work in
progress.'I'll
tell you how
many times I had people say, 'Well, you must
have
been in sin.
You must be living in sin. What kind of
sin do you have hidden in your closet
that God's punishing you, and that all this
happened?'And
you know how many times
I'd
go home and just cry myself to sleep. I
didn't
know what kind of sin. I'd go and
search all the time, 'Lord, what am I
doing wrong? I must have a door open
because the devil's up here eating my
lunch and I don't know what to
do,'and
cry. That cost us our marriage. How many
times did we say, 'I can't live
this anymore. I have so much pressure on
me. I've messed up
time and time again,'blaming me, blaming
Diana. 'Whose fault is
this?'And
all it came down to is: God is a good God,
and the devil is a bad devil. And what
the devil meant for bad, God had to turn
it for good. When I told you I had the
visitation with the Lord, and He
took me out of my body
again—I
jumped through that portal, you can go
watch that video—He took me to the
past. He said, 'I want to show you the
power of a decision.'It was a beautiful
visitation I had with the Lord. And
He said, 'Whatever you do and you mess
up on, Brandon, if you're upright with
me and you're seeking me, you're not big
enough to mess up your life.
You're not big enough to mess up your
life, Brandon. The footsteps of the
righteous are ordered of the Lord. And no
matter how bad you mess up, or if you
think you've messed up and
derailed
your life, I can turn it on a
dime, son. No matter how bad the shots
did this, or how bad this was with Megan
or whatever, I can turn it around if you
just keep in faith and believe me for
it.'There's
nothing too big, and there's
nothing too small. God has paid the
price for it all. And I don't know why I
got off on this today because that's not
even where I was going, but somebody
obviously
needed to hear it. But
I'm telling you, oh, I know
why—where
I was going was about the
AI and the things that I've seen coming
with the healings of diabetes,
cancers, and all the
things the Lord told me are coming.
Like I told you all, if it was
for Megan and they told me, 'Hey, we have a
cure for autism tomorrow,'this guy
right here... If they are not
requiring a Mark of the Beast chip in my
hand or something in my forehead, and
if
it's not working
anti-Bible—if
it goes against
the Word of God, you don't do it.
Right.
If it goes against the Word of
God, you say, 'No, no, and heck no! I'm
not going down that
road.'But
if it's not, then
what's wrong with you? I would say,
'Yes, I'm going. We're going to go
tomorrow.'What
is it? An IV or whatever
pill, and she's fixed. She goes, 'Hi,
Dad. How are you doing?'You
can
take it to the bank, I'm going to do
it.
Some vitamin that
God made, that they just discovered helps
it. Because I know there's things
on
this earth that He made
for
us.
There's Scripture to even back it:
herbs and plants for the service of man.
He talks about that in the Bible
in Genesis. He said, 'I have given you all
the herbs, the dirt
basically, the plants, and everything
for
the service of man,
to the service of
us.'Yes.
So if He gave us herbs,
plants, and things
for vitamins to keep our bodies strong,
especially with how depleted our soils
are... I take vitamins. I take all kinds
of supplements to keep healthy because
what we eat is depleted.
But I'm just trying to help you all
because there's so many people who get
in bondage to things. And you say, 'Well,
you know, hey, if it's making you better
and you're going from
glory to glory...'If you're on
drugs—I
have so many people say, 'Brandon, I'm
strung out. I do acid
when I'm watching you. I do this, I do
that'—well,
God doesn't want you
on acid, man. God doesn't want you on
meth. God doesn't want you on crack. God
doesn't want you smoking marijuana and
trying to see over in the
spirit—you're
going to get snared by a devil.
The only pure way you're going to see in
the spirit is not by a hallucinogen
like,
'I do acid and I want to see
over.'No,
that is demonic spirits trying to mess
with you, okay? It's only by the
anointing and by the glory of God.
That's the only way you're going to see
and hear the Holy Spirit for real.
So get sold out and get radical. Fast a
little bit. Seek His face and you will
find Him. Knock and the door will be
opened
unto you. Good measure, pressed down,
shaken together, and running over as you
give; men will give unto your bosom. I
believe for favor beyond anybody. I'm
talking—this
is a time of favor. He's
talking about it again. I was out in my
flower
bed and the Lord was talking to me
about days of favor. Days of great favor
for the youth. He said, 'Brandon, I'm
going to do something huge in the youth.
I want you to get ready
for what I'm about to do with the youth
in these last days.'And I stopped and I
went, 'Wow, Lord.'I had
open-eye
vision. I was sitting out there,
pulling weeds, doing stuff. And
He said to me, 'I want you to get
excited for what I'm about to do and
have expectation for what I'm about to
do with the youth in these last
days.'And
I'm like, 'Okay,
let's do it. Let's be excited about
it.'As
we pray for our governors, we pray
for our president, we pray for our
spouses, the revival, and finances... as
we see Judge Torres...
I'm telling y'all, folks, I didn't
see it happening any other way other
than her. But God, when we did our live
stream two or three days ago, four days ago
now, whatever,
and
said, 'Let's pray for Judge Torres...'When
we were
praying in the spirit, He
went around her,
bypassed
the liberal judge that was
blocking
everything—like,
you know, being a poo-poo head,
blocking
everything—had
two parties come to agreement and
drop the whole thing, and it went
away.
Do you see what God did? I told
Diana,
'I didn't know that could be done.
I was praying for her, her,
her, her, her.'And God's like,
'Here, boop!'And He went around the
back door like He always does, and it
was
shocking to me. And I told her, I
said, 'What does that mean? You're going
to have to research it.'When I got the
emails, people said, 'Brandon, it
happened. It's over.'And I went, 'No,
Judge Torres didn't do anything. What are
y'all talking about? I'm praying over
Judge Torres. Oh, God, help Judge
Torres. I bind the devil on Judge
Torres.'And
God's like, 'I went through
the back door and here I am.'And He
made two parties agree and dropped the
whole thing. And I went, 'What about
Judge Torres?'She's not even in the
equation anymore. But that's how
big God is. And He shut the door
completely. He was like, 'Don't
you know, Brandon, My thoughts are
higher than your thoughts? My ways are
higher than your ways?'He is the God of
more than one way to skin a
cat."You
know what I'm saying?
Yeah. There's more than one way to get
things done, folks. But in my mind, I
thought, "Judge Torres.
I'm praying over it."I'd go,
"God,
no."And
then, when you hear His
plan, you say, "Wow, that was way better
than what I was trying to
pray."Yeah.
You didn't have to mess with the
liberal judge. He just bypassed her and went
the other way.
His plans are beautiful.
And it even happened on a Thursday. I
had that written down. And the Lord
said, "Well, it happened on a Thursday.
Pray about the Thursday."And I
told everybody, I even tried
to
tell you all Thursday without saying it,
and I even brought up Thursday, "Let's
pray about Thursday."But I don't, because there
are
certain things... Because everybody,
because I have so many troubles, they go,
"Well, that wasn't this Thursday,"because I
didn't know what Thursday it was. But
the Lord said it will happen on a
Thursday because you all, instantaneously, if
I say Thursday, you're going to say,
"It's this Thursday, and you missed it,
brother."No,
I don't know the Thursday.
All I know is it's going to happen on a
Thursday. And this is the time frame
the Lord says to pray about a Thursday.
So Braden, when it happened on Thursday,
and Diana, they were all laughing
because
they said, "Wow, it was how many weeks
later? Was it a month? Two
months?"Yeah,
I think it was about six
to eight
weeks later.
Yeah,
it happened on a Thursday. And they were
laughing because it wasn't the Thursday
that we were hoping for weeks ago.
It was because He didn't know, I didn't
know. All I know is I was praying over a
Thursday. And when I went into
intercession, we started praying, even in
this last video. There are things that the
Lord's showing me about August,
September, and the time frame of a great
acceleration of the wealth transfer
going into the first frost. Remember the
first frost, praying over the first
frost. What does the first frost
represent? The Lord said, "Not their
first frost. What's your first
frost?"So
that's the next prayer assignment
because He said, "Pray over the first
frost for the kinging of the host, for
agreements to be made concerning these
things, and it will skyrocket double,
triple, quadruple in the days ahead,
praying over
this."And
as you saw Trump walking around with
the pig. Remember I said he's walking
around with the pig. He goes in through
November, and I saw the housing market
and things going up like this, and I saw
it was transparent. I saw him walking
this pig. I saw January. I saw
lowering taxes on a sign, and he was
excited about the sign. He was
telling everybody, "Look at my
sign."And
he was walking around the
pig, and it had lipstick on. He was so
excited to parade this pig.
And I thought, "Man, Lord, I know this
represents something."And as
you saw a new industrial revolution, and
I saw the pillars again. I saw the black
onyx pillars, and I saw the diamonds on
them.
And the Lord said,
"These will become major things with
safe havens."And I saw three—not saying
these
would be the only ones—three new
trillionaires.
Three new trillionaires.
And I thought, "Well, Lord, that's
amazing. Is that the only
trillionaires?"No.
What do these
trillionaires have in common?
What do these three trillionaires have
in common? He's speaking about these
three trillionaires for a reason. What
do these three trillionaires have in
common? They're all about something. But
I don't get into that. I just
give you little hints along the way
because of the visions that I get about
Michael Saylor and about the other
guy and the other guy. And I thought, "Isn't
that
kind of interesting, isn't
it,
Lord?"So
you just keep pushing. You just keep
praying because He's painting a puzzle.
He has the puzzle, and you're putting the
puzzle together to tell you where we are
in these end times. Where are we in this
end-time
calendar? Where are we in
these
end times? He said, "I'm giving you a window of
opportunity to bring it, and
there'll be one percent to handle the great
wealth."If
you're listening to Him and
you have your head on His chest, and
you're listening to Him as He
breathes, He said, "I'm not going to
yell and tell you things. I'm not going
to scream anymore. I'm going to say it
with a whisper."And the only way
you're ever going to hear Him in these
last days and hear the close things that
are to His heart is by spending time
with Him on a day-to-day basis.
Yes.
Not, "I'm distracted over here. Squirrel!
Squirrel!"No.
"What's on Your heart? I'm
going vertical. I'm not going
horizontal. I'm going vertical. And I'm
looking for You, Father, and I'm going
to find You. And I'm not seeking You for
the invention or for the investment.
I'm lost in Your
love."Because
most people go, "Well, I'm
going to spend my time
today, and Lord, I just thank You that
You're going to give me the secret
fountains of the hidden, deep things and
all that, and You're going to tell me
that thing, and the only reason I'm here
is for that."We don't seek His hand.
No,
it's perverted.
We seek Him because He's good. We seek
Him because He is worthy. We seek Him
because He is God. He is all-sufficient
in Himself.
Everything that we
ever need, everything that we ever could
think of needing, He has it right in His
hands.
And as we seek Him and spend time with
Him, He'll give what's in His hand. He's
a good God, but He knows your
heart and your motive.
It's like if my
little Paisley or whatever came and
said, "Daddy, what do you
want?"or is
just sitting on your lap, and
there's nothing... You can always tell.
I just know this. She's wanting
something. She wants a cookie, she
wants
ice cream, whatever. Or she's just
wanting to come and just love on
me. You just know. But either way, I reward
her
because I just...
You know, but I know
there's a difference in just the
relationship. You just know.
And that's what God's looking for in
these last days is just a yielded, "I love
you, Father."So, that's just really what
we had. I know I'm just
pulling things out of my spirit, but I'm
just desperate for Him.
And it goes back to the first
love. Every single day, I go back to all
these
distractions, all this
YouTube, and all the people pulling on
you. It's a lot of distraction,
and I'm thankful for it. I'm thankful.
But I know you go back to the main thing
and keeping the main thing real with
Him. I just need Him. And out of
the overflow is what people come for,
you know,
but we're desperate.
Yes, desperate. Getting to that place of
desperation where we are for the
fall.
All this other stuff doesn't matter:
preaching and engagements, TV time, all
this
stuff. I'm like, "God, where are You
at in any of this?
The invitations,
the collabs,
you know?"I just find where He's at,
you know, and it's like where I found
He's at is in my flower bed
or sitting at my laundry machine
listening to the spin cycle, praying in
the spirit. And that's where I used
to sit for hours
before all this, and now I go and sit in
my chair. But you just go into that
place of where He has always
been, where He has never left, and all of
the celebrity, all the stuff, all
the pressure, you go, "This is
crap."It
really is, folks. And I'm telling
you, He is in
just the
plumb
line. It's a beautiful
relationship.
It's
not fancy.
It's just so beautiful, and it's so real,
and it's so raw.
It's like Elisha when the fire and the wind and the earthquake came,
and then
there
was that
still, small voice.
Exactly. But you know, all the stuff you
see, who's saying
what, all this stuff, I go, "I
appreciate the emails, but there's a part
of me that goes, I don't care what
prophet so-and-so is saying."I really
don't. They are what they say.
I'm not accountable for whether they say
we're in the end times or not. I'm
telling you, Jesus isn't coming in
September. And that may upset a lot of
y'all, but I'm telling you, we have work
to do. And if He comes back right
now, there's a lot of people going to
hell in the next couple of weeks if He
does. If He comes back at the Feast of
Trumpets this year, there's a lot of
people going to hell. I'm looking for
Him every day, but I know what I feel in
my spirit. We have work to do. And
He's talking about, 'Brandon, we have work
to do. I'm coming. Tell My people I'm
coming.'There's
no urgency in the
body of Christ. They're all asleep.
Even with the people that I feel
should be awake, and the people that
I see a lot of times in our circle,
there's not a lot of people that
have urgency. And I don't want to attack
them. I got in trouble because I
talked
about certain things, and the Lord
said, 'Brendon, I don't run people
down, but I want urgency.'It's not my
job to point out they don't have urgency.
You know, it's my job to try to fan your
flame through the Holy Spirit to tell
you to get urgency. But I can't sit
there and go so-and-so doesn't have
urgency, so-and-so... because it's toxic.
He
said, 'Brandon, that's not your job to
talk about a convention. Who has urgency
and who doesn't? That's not your place.
Your place is to keep just bringing up
what I tell you to on your platform that
I've given you.'And that's not toxic.
Your job is just to keep loving on people
and keep pointing them to Me.
Yes.
And I just say, 'Okay,
but I feel like sometimes I don't want
to be the
schoolyard bully going,
"No, you should be doing this."'No, it's
not my job to tell you what you should be
doing. The Holy Spirit should tell you
what you should be doing. I tell you
my example of what I'm doing, and if it
witnesses with you, fine. If it
doesn't,
fine. You know, we're making a list,
doing all the things He's told us to
believe big for the rest of this year.
We've
got five months left of this year to
believe Him for big, to believe Him for
exceedingly abundantly above all, to give
Him. I put it on the list to say, 'This
is what we put before
You,'and
intercede for that and say, 'God, this
is what I'm believing for
big.'I'm
just saying, make your
list. Write down every heart's desire
that you have on there and say, 'God, I
present this to You.'He said He would
give you the desires of your heart
in these last days. I just believe that
God is able to do it. And so, we write
the list down. I'm, for Megan, believing
for full manifestation. I'm believing for Megan
to talk.
Yes.
I'm believing God on that list, Father,
for Megan to look me in the eyes and
say, 'Daddy, I love
you.'I'm
looking for her to say, 'Daddy, I
would like to have a good drink of
water.
Daddy, I need prayer. I don't... I'm
overcoming something. Can you tell me
what you're feeling?'Do you
see what I'm saying? My desires of what
I'm believing for could be something
totally different than what you're
believing for. I'm believing for
whatever. You know, you just put it on
there. It doesn't have to be something
really big. Your faith could be just for
a five-dollar thing. Don't look at your faith as,
'Well, I only have five-dollar
faith.'Everybody
starts somewhere,
you know?
Just take that five dollars and say,
'God, I'm believing for five. I'm
believing
for 10, then I'm
for 20, 30, 40, $50, $100,
whatever.'And
just start somewhere with your
faith. But put it on your list, even if
it's a stick of gum, and watch God bring
it to pass.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too
small. God paid the price for it all.
Know that He loves you and He cares
just where you're at. And I want to hear
the testimonies we got. When we were praying—coolest story ever—when we were
praying
for the dog. Remember the dog?
Yeah.
I wasn't laughing about the dog. I was
laughing because I had a breakthrough in me.
And people go, 'What was he laughing at? That
was so disrespectful. You're laughing
about the dog. God cares about the
dog.'Yes.
I love dogs. I am a dog fanatic. I
love dogs. In fact, if I could fill a
whole backyard full of dogs, I
would, because that's how much I love
dogs. I want a dog. I want guard
dogs. I want lap dogs. I want all kinds
of dogs. I love dogs. So, I understand
when you're saying, 'Hey, we lost our
dog and we miss our dog.'And when I
saw the Lord, when I saw in the vision,
the Lord said, 'Pray for that person's
dog. This dog is important for somebody.
It's very serious.'I thought, 'Well,
Lord, of course.'But then I felt the
Holy Ghost laughter hit me. We got the
email.
Yes.
It was amazing, from a man
who
lost his wife, and he was turning
his heart from the
Lord because he was upset at the Lord
because his wife died from cancer or
something, right?
Yeah.
And this dog was their dog together.
And he talks to this dog all the
time. And it's a blue heeler, beautiful
dog, right? And the dog went to the barn
with this guy, and then one day,
that day, he just disappeared,
and he was looking everywhere for this
dog. And it was like the
straw that broke the back. Like
seriously, a major deal for this man
because he already lost his wife, and now
he lost his dog, and he didn't know where
the dog was. And he called and was
upset about losing this dog
to
his daughter,
and the daughter started interceding for
this dog to come home, and she saw our
video.
She saw our video, and she started
crying.
Right.
Yeah. She told
her dad and told him
what she saw in the video, and she said,
'Let's just believe God for him to
come
home.'So
the dad fell asleep in the chair, and
he heard that night, in the middle of the
night, the dog barking.
The dog barking
at the door, at the door in the middle
of the night. The angels went and got
that dog and brought the dog home. And
the dog was standing outside barking
after how many days? So many days.
Brought the dog home after we had the
prayer video. That dog came home, ladies
and gentlemen, after we agreed. And
because it was a major deal for
this guy, because he was an elderly man
and he was already upset—he's in his
80s from what I understand,
yeah—and
he's already upset because his
wife died, and now his dog was gone. And
he was upset at
God to the point where we're
believing
for his salvation. It was bad, like he's
turned his back on the Lord, he's upset,
right? So, all that being said,
it's about the small things that
God cares about. And as we prayed, God
brought that dog home
because God loves His kids.
And I just thought
that's a miracle in itself, because I
never see dogs... to pray about
a dog. But the angels brought that dog
home, and I thought, isn't Jesus
wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Then Mary,
we called—I said,
'Mary'—she
emailed it. She got healed. Mary got
healed. There were so many of you that
when we were praying for healing and
calling out healings, you got healed by
the power of God, and we got the testimonies
and emails
saying, 'Hey, I got
touched. My eardrum...'One person was
in India
watching and was radically
touched by the power of God through the
camera and was healed from something
very serious.
And I thought,
isn't that amazing what God's doing
through this YouTube channel?
I thought, thank you, Lord. We got
emails from Poland and Australia.
It was amazing.
Yeah.
God is so good.
We got a letter from
Australia today from a man who watches
us, who is in prison.
And he was trying to encourage me, as
he's in his prison cell writing me a
letter, and his mom talks to him about us
and about our channel. And he's trying
to encourage me about people poking and
saying persecution of me as he's in
prison. And I don't know how long
he's in there for, but he was writing us
a letter to tell us not to give up on
our faith and what God...
all these scriptures, all these
encouraging scriptures
in prison. And I was just
like, oh,
you know,
when you have a bad day and you think
you're having a really rough day, and
then somebody writes you a letter from
prison,
and they can't get out,
and they're saying Jesus is coming soon,
and they're excited about it. It's their
hope.
Yeah, they messed up.
Yeah, they messed up bad, you know,
they're in there. But even in that
case, in that state of
desperation, Jesus is there with them in
that cell. And it's so encouraging
to see they watch you. I don't know how
they're watching me from prison, but
their mother was watching.
And
what was his name?
Reinhardt.
Reinhardt
said he sleeps on a really
cold foam mat,
and you think, "My
goodness,"you
know. There
are
just so many people
who
write letters and tell
us
we're helping by encouraging
y'all to keep going. People strung out on
heroin—one
guy was on heroin up north.
He gave us a picture of his family
and said that we've helped him with his
walk with the Lord. In the email, he
was
asking if he could pray for Megan and
stuff, to be nice to Megan, and it's just
stuff like that you just go,
"Wow."The
humanity side, the love of the
humanity side, people sending
letters,
things like
that—it
just blesses you to keep going.
But it's the same thing as when we
do this channel. I'm telling y'all, we
do it from all of our heart
for Jesus because we feel such an
urgency in these last days and we're
running out of time. So when you join us
and you pray with us, it means so
much to us that you would want to spend
your day with us and watch these videos.
Here I am rambling again, but
we just wanted to say thank you,
and we don't want you to give up on
what you're believing for.
Keep believing God. Even
when
it's the darkest,
even when it doesn't seem like
there's ever going to be a light, always
stay on God's side. And keep your head
up, for I know He has a plan for your
life.
Redemption. Your redemption draws
nigh.
And everything has an expiration date.
Everything.
Just keep on keeping on.
So that's what we had for y'all today. I
know it's kind of just a variety
of different things. We talked
about the Temple Mount, all the things,
but it's just things that are just real
to me right now. You know, I come on
here to tell you some things that are
encouraging and that I'm seeing in
the spirit and what I'm praying over, and
I'm excited to hear your testimonies
about how God is healing and touching
your lives through this channel. It's
amazing. I just go, "Look at that. Look,
Lord, what you're doing
through a YouTube channel."So let's
pray right now, and let's believe God for
your miracle today. Let's believe God
for your supernatural, whatever it may
be. I don't know, you know, but all I
know is we get a lot of people saying
they're believing for a lot of things.
So we're just out here and we're
believing for you—we'll be agreeing,
too.
We're agreeing with you today for
whatever it may be. And Diana and I, we
love you. We pray for you. And so we're
just going to pray right now that every
need you have is met in the
mighty name of Jesus. So Father, I thank
you, Lord, for every single person that's
watching this video right now. Father, I
call healing over their bodies. I thank
you, Father, that their marriages are
stronger than they've ever been before.
That Father, this is a time
that you're bringing forth what
the cankerworm ate—God, you're turning
it
around for good for them. Father, I
believe today is the day
of their breakthrough. Whatever
they may need, from their bodies to their
minds to their soul,
whatever—you
could say, "I've been addicted
to these things for so long, I'll never
get off of it."But I believe that today
is your day of deliverance from those
things. Father, I call them healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Father, today what seems to be
years and years of bondage,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that today
they're radically set free, like this guy
with heroin addiction and acid
addictions and all these things. Father,
we believe they are set
free from drugs, from
pornography to alcohol to cigarettes to
whatever it may be, the bondage that
keeps them bound. I thank you, Father,
that they're no longer bound in the name
of Jesus. I call them healed and whole
and well and delivered from this satanic
bondage, this yoke of bondage. Father, I
thank you that the anointing destroys
the yoke, breaks the yoke in the name of
Jesus. And I thank you, Lord, that
they're healed and whole and well in the
mighty name of Jesus. They're free, and
whom the Son sets free is free
indeed.
And I thank you, Father. I thank you,
God, that nothing's too big, God.
I've seen you do it, and you've done it
time and time again. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, that today is the day that
they're free from cigarettes. They're
free from sexual perversion.
They're free from alcohol, free
even from casual drinking. Father, they don't
open any doors to it. The Bible
says, "Give no place to the
devil."And
Father, we'll give no place to the devil
today in any area of our life. We kick
him out. We say, "You are no longer
welcome here. You are kicked
out."We
say, "This place is no longer occupied by
the devil. It's occupied no longer by
addictions and pornography and alcohol
and all these things. It's not occupied
by you."We kick you out of that
room, and we say, "Holy Spirit, come and
invade it. We need you."And the only
way we're ever going to get completely
free is by the word of God and knowing
who You are to us. Become more real to
us today than what we've ever seen
before. Father, we're desperate. We've
had all these addictions, we've had all
this bondage. These people have been
bound by so many different things. And
Father, the Bible says you shall know
the truth, the truth of God's word, and
the truth will set you free. Now, Holy
Spirit, I thank you, Lord, that you
shine this word according to
Ephesians 1, that the eyes of our
understanding would be enlightened today,
that we would know the hope of Your
calling. I believe, Father, that
the word is a lamp unto my feet. Even
this scripture—that's not Ephesians,
but the Bible says, "The word
is a lamp unto my feet, a light unto my
path. I will hide your word in my heart that I
might not sin against you."And I
believe that today, Lord, we're not
going to sin against You anymore because
the word is a lamp and a light. And I
believe that, Father, that light is
flooding our eyes today.
It's lighting up the
path, doing all what the word said
it would do because Your word is a lamp
unto
my feet and a light unto my path.
And I'll hide Your word in my heart. I
hide it in there, Father, because You
said the truth you know will set you
free. The truth you know will set you
free. And we know that
You became all of those things: the
addictions, marriage problems,
wayward children. You paid the
price for it all for us to walk in
victory. Father, I thank you, Lord, for job
opportunities. Father, we thank you, Lord,
for this is a time of great
favor, of great acceleration, of
promotion, that whatever they put their
hands to will prosper. That this will be
a time like never before that You
exalt
the righteous, that You
Your children. That, Father, we are
no
longer the tail, we're the head. We're
no longer underneath. We're going to
go through it. We have
the cattle on a thousand hills. You
have it all for us. But Father, it's not
for us to struggle and barely get by
in any area of our life. It's for us to
walk in victory and go from glory to
glory, Father. And I thank you, Lord,
that every one of the people
represented here today, Father, they are
going from glory to glory. And Father,
we believe that the word of
God has set them free. Father,
I thank you, Lord, for that right now.
God, for jobs and better jobs, raises
and bonuses, benefits, sales and
commissions. Father, we believe for
inheritances, rebates and returns,
checks in the mail, gifts and surprises,
finding money, bills paid off, bills
decreased, blessing and increase.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's
the kind of God we serve.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're
going from glory to glory to glory, that
we're always on that potter's wheel and
we're staying close to the vine. We're
on that vine. You are the
vine, we are the branch. And we refuse
to detach ourselves from the true
living source.
Stay attached.
We stay on that vine today, Lord. And we
seek your face, Father. And I get lost
in you. We get lost in you as we seek
you, Father. And we know, Father, that
you have a plan for our life today.
Yes.
Thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor,
and praise, Father, for all that you've
done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Lord, for what you've done in
Diana and me. Thank you, Father, for my
children. Thank you, Lord, for all that
you've blessed us with. Thank you,
Father. We're so grateful, Father, for
YouTube, for these people, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for what
you're going to do and what you continue to
do to bring the prayer
warriors forward. Father,
we're believing for a million
subscribers, a million people to come
and pray with us on a day-to-day basis.
A
million
prayer warriors,
Father, that it's not just
in
America, but that it's going all around
the world.
Father, we're believing for all our
channels to explode
in
growth, all for your glory. Father, we
thank you, Father, for every single
person who's represented here. Even for
cars. Believe for cars, houses, whatever
they're believing for, God, we believe
with them
and
we extend our faith with theirs
that it's coming to pass at last in the
name of Jesus. And everybody say amen
and amen.
Thank you for being here today. Thank
you.
If you could, subscribe. If
you're not subscribed to our
channel, subscribe.
It really helps get the gospel out. It
helps reach every part of
the world. It really does. And it's just
a part of YouTube, what YouTube
requires. So, if you click this button,
it really helps us out. It really does.
And we really appreciate it. We really
do.
Thank you. Click
the like button.
Comment something nice down below. Do
all it takes to help us with the
algorithm.
Appreciate it so much. We love you all.
You're such a blessing to us. Thank you.
God bless you. We always close our
broadcast by telling you this every
single time, to put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you. God bless
you and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.